Project Proposal

Stack-	The tech stack I plan on using for my capstone is React and Node. 

Focus-	My main focus is going to be the Front-end development and using an api to fetch data to be viewed.
        If time allows for it I have some ideas for a backend as well. 

Type-	This could be a website but I mostly imagine it as a program you would have on your computer and you 
        would load it it when you are about to start a game of magic the gathering. So that it could also be 
        displayed on a larger screen or projecter to give an even cooler experience when playing.

Goal-	The goal of my project is to create a Magic the gathering gameboard that would keep track of the many 
        interactions and game states of the game. It will keep track of users life total, how many different 
        counters they have, if they are monarch, if the game is in day or night, using the api to fetch data 
        about cards that are being played and also the users commander to set it as a background. I also want 
        to have an area you can look up cards and another area you can look up rules about the game since there 
        is so many rules, every game you play there is always some questions or reminders that need to happen. 

Users-	My demographic would be other people who also play magic the gathering which is a huge audience. There 
        are some other “gameboards” out there but they are so simple and only keep track of one thing. I want to 
        build an all in one. 

Data-	The data I plan on using is Card information and rules for the game. There is two API’s that I found 
        scryfall.com which seems to have most of what I need but I also found a second one called Magic: the 
        Gathering Developers that also provides a lot of data.


I want to make a one stop shop for magic the gathering players to keep track of their game state. Most the time you 
are having to use multiple apps or physical tools like dice and cards that represent what’s happening in the game. 
The user experience would be to load the app on your computer or tablet (something ideally with a bigger screen) and 
you would select how many players you have that will be playing (2-6). Next it takes you to the main gameboard where 
each player will input their commander’s name and also the their name. once they do data will be fetched from the API 
about their commander and it will put the commander’s image in their user gameboard along with many different ways to 
keep track of the game. Also provide a space where they can click on and roll different dices (6 sided, 10 sided, 20 sided, etc.) . 
Above with be a Nav bar that can navigate them to rules for the game and also an area to search for cards in case someone
needs clarification on a card that is being played. 
